With everything you've learned, you're just about
ready to tackle your first programming assignment.
Before you do that, let me just give you a quick tour of iPython notebooks in Coursera.
Here you see Jupiter iPython notebook that you can get to on Coursera.
Let me just quickly show you a few features of this.
The instructions are written right here in the text in the iPython notebook.
And these long light gray blocks are blocks of code.
So occasionally, you'll see in
these blocks something that'll say this is the START CODE HERE and END CODE HERE.
To do your exercise please make sure
to write your code between the START CODE HERE and END CODE HERE.
So, for example, print Hello world.
And then to execute a code block,
you can hit shift+enter and then execute this code block which,
I guess, we just wrote print Hello world.
So that prints it Hello World.
To run a cell,
you can also, to run one of these code blocks of cell,
you can also click cell and then run cell. So that executes this.
It's possible that on your computer,
the keyboard shortcut for Cell,
Run Cell might be different than shift+enter.
But on both, my Mac as well as on my PC is shift+enter,
so might be the same for you as well.
Now when you're reading the instructions,
if you accidentally double click on it,
you might end up with this mark down language.
If you end up with this funny looking text,
to convert it back to the nice looking text just run this Cell.
So you can go to Cell, Run Cell or I'm going to hit shift+enter and
that basically executes the mark down and turns it back into this nice looking code.
Just a couple more tips.
When you execute code like this,
it actually runs on a kernel,
on a piece of code that runs on the server.
If you're running an excessively large job or if
you leave a computer for a very long time or something goes wrong,
your internet connection or something,
there is a small chance that a kernel on the back end might die,
in which case, just click Kernel and then restart Kernel.
And hopefully, that will reboot the kernel and make it work again.
So that shouldn't happen if you're just running
relatively small jobs and you're just starting up iPython notebook.
If you see an error message that the Kernel has died or something,
you can try Kernel, Restart.
Finally, in iPython notebook,
like this, there may be multiple blocks of code.
So even if an earlier block of code doesn't have any create in code,
make sure to execute this block of code because,
in this example, it imports numpy as np and so on,
and sets up some of the variables that you might need in order to
execute the lower down blocks of code.
So be sure to execute the ones on top even if you aren't asked to write any code in them.
And finally, when you're done implementing your solutions,
there's this blue submit assignment buttons here on the upper right and we
click that to submit your solutions for grading.
I've found that the interactive command shell nature
of iPython notebooks to be very useful for learning quickly,
implement a few lines of code,
see an outcome, learn and add very quickly.
And so I hope that from the exercises in Coursera,
Jupyter iPython notebooks will help you quickly learn
and experiment and see how to implement these algorithms.
There's one more video after this.
This is an optional video that talks about
the cost function for logistic regression. You can watch that or not.
Either way is perfectly fine.
But either way, best of luck with the week 2 programming assignments.
And I also look forward to seeing you at the start of the week three.